- [Instructor] Now that Apigee is proxying the traffic
to our API implementation,
we're able to take advantage of some of its features
that it centralizes for the API.
So in this lesson we're just going to take a quick look
at the monitoring feature within Apigee.
So we'll first navigate into our hsportscatalog proxy
and inside of the proxy definition
we see our two environments.
Let's copy the URL for our prod environment
and then we can paste it into the browser
and hit our product endpoint.
At this point I'm going to remove the tab from the browser
and we can navigate within Apigee
to the API Proxy Performance option via the side bar.
So just click this third icon down
and then API Proxy Performance.
This is going to give us an understanding
of all the traffic navigating to our API
through the proxy established by Apigee.
So when I send a bunch of HTTP traffic to our API,
Apigee is going to capture that traffic
and register it within this display.
So here we see the traffic
that has been sent to our API over the past hour.
So this is a way that we can monitor the response times
and the traffic to our APIs.
One thing you should note,
there is a slight delay in the monitoring,
so it won't show up real-time,
but it does give you a good understanding
of API usage as well as response time.